dear ladies and not very dear
their opinion
hello everyone
on the street summer gasoline rises in price from a bite
black mamba dies annually 20,000
man and we keep shooting not
not looking at anything a bit out of me
and my show and today we have Japanese
auto industry is the most amazing feature of this
car what's on the secondary market he
is in great demand than when he
was new at the official bar of their salons
yes yes this is mazda
good old mazda this car
was born when michael jackson and
osama bin laden were alive 2006
precisely as a result of same-sex orgy
love you can even say so between
bridges 3 and mazda 6 mazda mpv and of course
representatives of uncle sam ford focus
this whole event was held under
the action of steroids mps as a result
what appeared for the child does not even
it is known what it is and how what we have we
we have huge wheels 18 radius clearance
two hundred and five millimeters turbocharged
engine forked exhaust system
This car got imitation
full drive only girls
really versed in this matter
238 horsepower 8 and 3 seconds to 100
this car should tumble even on
after years
design remained relevant people
invented the design of this car it
u koizumi japanese yes oddly enough
once told that in Darwin on
the creation of this car came to him
when he was in the gym during
workout probably inspired him smells
wonderful smells of sweat glands from here
conclusion need to go to the gym more often then
you too will cast something and you will think
sausage general view of the car so far
in the stream remains relevant then this
it was progressive yes he has a lot
jambs because it was made
Hiroshima for the American market here
You can understand the Japanese why it breaks
constantly why him expense which
stirs the minds of people in general 30 liters
if you move I don't know
city ​​limits 30 liters we are on the highway
there is 2522 but if it goes like a grandfather
probably even like grandfather 23
the most important thing in general is this car
what can you
quietly humiliate 85 percent
motorist if your all nodes and
aggregates and are in good condition
condition
getting into the cabin of the car immediately
the question is where to put me this
chip card yes i already know what the haters
they will say I even hear what they say
put a fool in your pocket
you need to put everything in your pocket and where else
then I have no pockets here I sit
where do i put it where or shove me
I don't know what they meant by
that i don't want to do everything massage
prostate imagine that this is a glass and
put under the glass
joy here there are two sockets that's it
happy why manufacturers do not
immediately 220
well why not why do the adapter and
something else but 220 immediately included all
TV watching the fridge but a little
need to turn on and
No 220 adapter and there are millions of total
we do this work for ourselves
Multifunction buttons on the steering wheel there everything
climate control
the sensors are all worth it
six-speed torque converter and
as usual, all people are accustomed to on the machine
two gas and brake pedals here three pedals
there is still one pedal and but it is the handbrake
Well, as the handbrake is a parking light
brake once all so here are three pedals
music bass food is very much here
speakers here is an amplifier here
sit changer for 6 CDs
the signal is also pretty nice in
Generally and the Japanese do not bother
about the salon office they took the skin i
I do not know the bear lila everything is like this
they fought and we now see a vision and put in
interior just does it quality
Finishing materials and insulation for these
the money they ask but might
be better but since we know for whom
this car was made and why is it why we
we do not pay for it
even in our picking here
electro-sitting it works
sound but this sound does not negate the shadow
will say again there you have a miracle
happens you sat down immediately you
three-spoke steering wheel
three wells recessed arrows
lowered down when the car is total
resting state is also so sporty
red light it too but here it is
all dispute and 30 liters of water before sport too
the rest I do not know, so here even 3
ceiling nifigase 3 ceiling they did
Us trunk Yes well this is probably comfortable
according to statistics after watching our show
dramatically increases the number of suicides among
bio robots and we conclude that
times that same-sex love same-sex marriage
no good cause can
exactly and with this car this is the obvious
example is a brightly flashed star she
went out everything is all about her forgot she did not
left no one behind her successors on
the cx-5 conveyor does not consider this at all
another car
so maybe someday we
live and see the reincarnation of mazda cx-7
but it will be a completely different story to everyone
good luck bye
I'll see you